Allow rotating entity selectionboxes (#12379)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.txt

* `pointed_thing.intersection_normal`: Unit vector, points outwards of the
  selected selection box. This specifies which face is pointed at.
  Is a null vector `vector.zero()` when the pointer is inside the selection box.

>   Will already be rotated properly if the entity uses a rotated selection box.

Author: Never. This line ought to inform the reader that the normal & intersection point are in absolute world space where the entity is rotated and not in some entity-relative space, i.e., for rotated entities, the normal won't necessarily be one of (+-1, 0, 0), (0, +-1, 0), (0, 0, +-1) anymore, but rather one of those AABB face normals rotated by the entity rotation.

>   Will already be rotated properly if the entity uses a rotated selection box.

Author: https://github.com/minetest/minetest/pull/12379/commits/6a9afffa34fc32ee3bfc1b59e1cfc87e7bf8f964

        -- Collide with other objects if physical = true

        collisionbox = {-0.5, 0.0, -0.5, 0.5, 1.0, 0.5},  -- Default
        selectionbox = {rotate = false; -0.5, 0.0, -0.5, 0.5, 1.0, 0.5},
        -- Selection box uses collision box dimensions when not set.

>         -- If `rotate = true` the box will be rotated by the objects rotation (plus the attachment rotation on clients)

Author: Is it clear enough that setting `rotate = true` in the collisionbox def won't have any effect?

        collide_with_objects = true,
        -- Collide with other objects if physical = true

        collisionbox = { -0.5, 0.0, -0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5 },  -- default

>         selectionbox = { -0.5, 0.0, -0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, rotate = false },

Reviewer: Whoops, didn't spot this before.
Is the change of `ymin` to 0 intentional?

Author: Definitely not. IIRC sfan5 fixed this in a doc fixup PR; I must've merged the changes improperly.

        collisionbox = {-0.5, 0.0, -0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5},  -- Default
        selectionbox = {rotate = false; -0.5, 0.0, -0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5},

>         -- Selection box uses collision box *dimensions* when not set.
>         -- Setting `rotate = true` in the `collisionbox` has no effect.
>         -- If `rotate = true`, the box will be rotated by the object's rotation
>         -- (plus the attachment rotation on clients)

Reviewer: As someone who's not read the code, this is rather confusing.

> Selection box uses collision box *dimensions* when not set.

Specifying, and then emphasizing 'dimensions' is odd, what else is there to copy?

> Setting `rotate = true` in the `collisionbox` has no effect.

Oh, so `rotate` isn't copied from the collision box table?
Right, that's what the previous sentence meant.

> If `rotate = true`, the box will be rotated by the object's rotation (plus the attachment rotation on clients).

*rotated by the object's rotation*…

Assuming I'm correct:
```suggestion
        -- Collision boxes cannot rotate, setting `rotate = true` on it has no effect.
        -- If not set, the selection box copies the collision box, and will also not rotate.
        -- If `rotate = false`, the selection box will not rotate with the object itself, remaining fixed to the axes.
        -- If `rotate = true`, it will match the object's rotation and any attachment rotations.
        -- Raycasts use the selection box and object's rotation, but do *not* obey attachment rotations.
```
(hard wrap *:(* to taste)

Author: Thanks for rephrasing.

> (plus the attachment rotation on clients)

was supposed to emphasize that the server is unaware of the attachment rotation and will be unable to take it into account when raycasting; this is redundant with the note I added on raycasts however:

> Raycasts don't always work properly for attached objects as the server has no knowledge of models & bones.

Reviewer: Redundancy is good here IMO, as the two sections are reasonably separated.
Also works as a little hint to ray-casts being a relevant feature alongside this, previously there was no reference to them at all.
